feat(Toast): Add Toast (extended from FloatingCard) GM-187 (#1721)
Codecademy/client-modules: packages/styleguide/stories/Molecules/Toast.stories.mdx

import { Anchor, Box, GridBox, Text, Toast } from '@codecademy/gamut/src';
import { TrophyIcon } from '@codecademy/gamut-icons';
import title from '@codecademy/macros/lib/title.macro';
import { Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

import { PropsTable } from '~styleguide/blocks';

<Meta
  title={title}
  component={Toast}
  parameters={{
    subtitle: 'A toast component for asynchronous user feedback.',
    source: 'gamut',
    status: 'current',
    figmaId: '',
  }}
  args={{
    children: 'I am a toast hear me roar!',
  }}
/>

> <br />
> 

Reviewer: Not a fan of different spacing across stories.. 

```suggestion
```

### Use cases

- Can be used when an immediate feedback is needed for learners upon completing a learning task. (E.g. unlocking an achievement during learning)

> - Should NOT repeat as a notification bell

Reviewer: Strong agree! ... but what does this mean, exactly? 😄

Author: Not exactly sure what this meant but I updated it to something we can all agree on https://www.figma.com/file/dT4E3SLymYjmhJFxbIOJz0/Toasts?node-id=2%3A38

### Key Principles

- Only one should appear at the screen at a time.

> - Toasts shouldn’t be distracting learning. Be cautious to use them in the Learning Environment, especially for messages that can be communicated outside of LE.

Reviewer: Nitty nits:

```suggestion
- Toasts shouldn’t distract from learning. Be hesitant to use them in the Learning Environment, especially for messages that can be communicated outside of the LE.
```

### Style

- Has a fixed width
- Height changes depends on the body-text length.
- Max. 3 rows of body-text is recommended.
- Has variants, and colored different for light and dark theme.
- Uses pattern at 80% opacity to give component depth.
- Appears at the bottom right of the screen.

> - Slides in to the screen and when canceled, slides back and leaves the screen.

Reviewer: Are these two lines accurate? I would think them recommendations for usage, not core parts of the style?
